If a flic has been published the uuid need to be displayed somewhere.
Add a load flic button that can recieve a code.

Can we count visits to the published page
I want version on a header that is present on all pages

I need an about page describing my motivation. Im testing Qwen3.8-27b on a RTX5090 and use this as a test project. My github page is github.com/taxfromdk/stopmotion
Also a link to collect feedback, google forms

---DONE---

Ditch the word list, use letters a-z instead for a 5 letter code. Disregard uppercase and lowercase so kids can use it easily
add an admin page with login:password (flic:stopmotion) to list works (newest first) and stats on usage. Works will be played back in a hovering iframe that loads the viewer, so I can see the work in miniature
I acquired the domain flic.dk, please integrate it 
Rephrase save and load to save download project and upload project. 
Put an explicit note when publishing that "anyone will be able to see it" 
Only allow publish if work is changed from starting point. Initially an empty project cant be published, and a forked project can not be published if it is not changed.
Limit jpg size to max HD resolution
Flip cameras if multiple cameras available
Compress zip
Ensure images are images on upload and json is sane. Zip can contain no other.
Embed player in zipfile that can play the contents if one should dig up the zipfile in 15 years
How can we make sure the storage newer grow beyond free tier
Can the backend store information about the publisher. E.g the wan IP of the uploader so we can list e.g: "xx.xx.xx.xx - Copenhagen, Denmark" after each published flic. Time and Size of upload could also be relevant. It would also be interresting to know the creation time of each asset (image/audio) to know how much time has been spent on the flic.
We dont need the retry camera button any more
Rename stopmotion studio to flic.dk
Can the "Capture frame" block be embedded tin the topbar so the camera view is not obstructed
Lets cap at 500 images and 50 sounds. Also cap audio length to 10 seconds. Check both in UI and when publishing. 
Also move the remaining controls from the box on top of the image to the topbar. Arrange them nicely
A new kind of frame must be created like an silent film sign. A black frame with ornaments in the sides and corners. It will have a centered white textfield with an oldfashioned font, font size is fixed and limited to three lines of 30 chars max and a slider for how long it should be shown 1/fps to 10 seconds. It can be mixed with other frames and sound can be added to it. It can be used to build story. 
please commit push and deploy
Loose the ornaments. Just white text on black. 
Change "Flip camera" to "Next camera"
Loose the fps selector. Just use 8 fps always
Let signs show same period as regular frames. Sounds can be added and set to hold to stretch them in time.
Signs does not need a time slider any more.
We need a favicon. Make one of a film clapper
Can you place the old index.html (24hours old) in the root of the repo, so I can load it and save an film from localstorage on a tablet.
On admin page let curser focus on user and tab to password next. 
Link in admin panel topbar to root page
I need a delete button in the admin list
I need dynamic js pagination on the admin page and a search bar to filter on codes/origin/ip in list.

---WONT---
Subprojects - ability to insert published works in works in a special frame.

Ad another tickbox like "ghost preview" called "difference" just below. It will show an absdiff * 4 of the current and previous frame. Only one of the modes can be visible at a time and they are never shown during playback. It will be helpfull when 

make a button that jumps to a random flic

It would be awesome if the letter codes were shorter and only grew in size if needed

Make a parent page that lists all works from that IP, that will allow teachers and parents to collect the works easily